Catalog revision (#25)
ezsystems/commerce-documentation: docs/guide/catalog/catalog_api/customer_skus.md

# Customer SKUs

> In some projects (B2B) customers know products by their own article number (SKU), that comes from the ERP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some projects, (B2B) customers know products by their own article number (SKU) that comes from the ERP.
```

When the customer e.g. searches for a product in the shop, they search for an article number that is only known to them.

The shop often knows these customer article numbers, because it imports them from ERP.
They are taken into account in search and quick order management.

## CustomerSkuService

> Customer SKUs are handled using `Silversolutions\Bundle\EshopBundle\Service\CustomerSkuService` (ID: `siso_core.customer_sku_service`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Customer SKUs are handled by means of the `Silversolutions\Bundle\EshopBundle\Service\CustomerSkuService` (ID: `siso_core.customer_sku_service`).
```
